speaks good guys all you welcome but
a video of the project here to do the
December and January upload
probably the last I'm going to do
to the biennial tags economy
hashtag I do not want to prostitute myself to tecsis
Tell me that I'm rich but it's not like that.
so he asked if I was going to do some
ass to the biennial probably vc
Gifts I Earn From Friends Of
You books that I get from partnership
because even now the channel is
partner of the group record
record and lef editorial that too
means that you will have more
reviews here on the channel but let the
visit the first book I received
in December it was neuromancer in this edition
Beautiful 30 year old and I got drooling
in this one since I saw a post
on facebook daleffe actually a box
Let 's kinda take this little chain here and here.
Do you see the spine of the book he is?
stitched type it does not have a spine
normal
Look how beautiful people it's all network
and it's also very good so
I'm very afraid of reading ruining you.
pass in you feel the glue here is
very cool this craft here
inside me it's very cute pages
and pages of things that are not good for
Nothing, but we think it's beautiful, every beginning.
of chapter it is different and so I
I do not remember very well what you're talking about.
this book I know he is a dystopia
mixed with science fiction and has
hackers and programming everything that I
I really like, I love this whole universe.
so I'm sure I will, I do not know
when I go because he is very big and
I was told to hear about the black side of
internet it very complicated to read not
I'll leave it to read a little bit more
forward because now a whole
that even the door does not heal
human gender sedh william gibson
next book is chris's new world
boyce I bought when rafa here in
town, we just hop in the
bookstore I said I was going to buy a book
paths always there with three
until then I did not have much interest
because after all
I like this cover I'm not much fan
Her and Rafael spoke to me is the synopsis.
which was the dystopic world of children and
adults died through a virus
to a business and only the
teens they will fax you between
All fight or confusion then imagine
a world governed by adolescents
I'm really looking forward to the list here.
I had started there in the marathon but I heard
This is a book that I like a lot.
so I want him in my time I did not want to
to rush in the end they ended up liking
so much so I'll read it
the next book is the last man in the
tower of the era 20 the tip is the first
thing that draws attention in this book
It was this gorgeous gorgeous cover ever.
I loved this cover I had seen and a half
I do not see much talk at the top of the bookstore.
about this book here on the internet then
I decided to go in that 9 if I bought it
without looking at the note on the brush first time
in the life I do this story speaks
about a building that the locals call
The legal neighborhood is very good.
although it is not a perfect building, right?
running water from time to time a
little São Paulo here in this building
but until there comes a woman washes
very canvas magnate and she decides that he
is a perfect place to build a
luxury building over sakineh and the
people are very angry I met her
will have to combat the resistance of
residents of this building because it does not
want to be dumped there, then to
to be a really cool book I found one
single premise despite being one thing
super from day to day yes another book that
I bought that day that I went to the bookstore.
with rafa it was mysterious home kevin says
that le grand and there that book I said
about the marathon readings I will leave
The link below this book speaks
on the disappearance of children and
protagonist will find that these
children are being taken to this home
cavendish chemist evil orphanage him
come from the cane to who has nothing to
reading this doubt then it is strange in
book is everything one day you should know
I received this book from the new publisher.
concept they sent me an action
including luck in one
their
on the channel and there I will not
I found because I 'm going to do it.
book that book but will tell the
history of the pan and trying to seedorf the
his trajectory in this geek universe
especially in the world of rpg and
dredges and a whole stone that I should
know the next two books I received
of true carone gift these two
books were a bet that people
did and I won he lost he should
two books he paid loves port agreement
he always asks for the first one
It was the girl who had good mr car and
if you are english mrh and I know it is
a dystopia involving children with
many scenes back and I told you one
fire video says that this is one of the
my next readings many of you
They spoke the comments that this book is
It's cool, same then, this is it, and another.
The book I received from him was the sacrifice
of the adventures of the spell hunt I
I just loved the first book of this
series the edu of an erradinha there at the time
to buy is gave me the sixth does not make
people abstract because I 'm going to end
buying the series all the same time is a
book - to buy many thanks for the
presents you 3rd man next book
excellent partnership with aleph publisher
which was the best nando frank herbert
I asked him because since I
I discovered that it was one of the fictions
so most acclaimed scientific one
science fiction I had to read
could not call me funk ever
This book, I told you, our people are good.
This book tells you what he's going through.
by a test in the early days
chapters he is obliged to leave the
his planet to this planet
called the book he is well
dense if we find political houses
fighting against other houses and empire
a good thing so no one showed the
nice saifi I already started and only two
chapters but I have already seen that it will be a game
very dense a little complicated he
has many words in the original language
which is the Arabs there that has a glossary
that in the end giant but that I go
take a little bit for him to
fully understand why so far
What I read I did not quite understand and
last book to block the
direct receipt of the author was the war
power and victory
and I was very wanted in this book since
I heard here on the canal gives bread miranda 12
I was very interested because I found this
Very beautiful story cover will speak
about a case in which the former combatant
was found dead in his bed and
detective lapa investigating the case and see
that together with that body of an envelope
with a threat that says that one more
person to die and in the hand of
died has a watch with this inscription
war the power and the victory so I found
the crime scene that this detective is going
having to unravel the book is very short
so I think I'll include in the
readings because I'm very
curious to know what the
answers to what your life today
I hope you liked people.
do not stop signing up and enjoy
Did you read any of these books?
in the comments saying if they liked not
A personal kiss, I'm going to stay here.
but we see in the next video such